welcome back everyday to battlefield 4
yes there are in fact different endings
in this game three of them to be exact
so we're here with ending number two out
of three let's see what happens when we
reach this ship and try something a
little bit different
pretty secure
better
we gotta go back do you have another one
of those c4 charges
good
every day give me the charge
well that was basically just a palette
swap switching out Hannah for Irish but
the third ending the one that seems a
little less a little less obvious could
be interesting so stay tuned for that
that video will be up shortly or it may
already be up now thank you guys girls
so much for watching battle for pretty
good campaign like I mentioned before
and this is the same audio so no worries
don't like Simon Rodia and hazard a
drinks watch all that we'll see you all
later